#english 
### short resumé of silent movie
alice was in the woods.  alice follows a rabbit into a rabbithole. the rabbit follows her into a room with many doors. she triess to get into a door. alice drinks a bottle of something that says drink me. alice becomes very small. she eats something and becomes big. alice becomes small again and hot into a garden where there is a dog and tries to play with it. whe becomes bit once again and get stuck. alice meets some people with funny hats and a baby. alice meets a person called the mad hatter and has a tea party with him. she then leaves the table. alice meets the queen and the queen wants her executed. alice beats up the exexutioner and then the entire kingdom runs. alice then awakens from her sleep. 

### long resumé of silent movie
alice was in her garden. When she sees a rabbit she then follows the rabbit into the forest and then into a rabbit hole where she crawls into the hall of many doors where there is a door that is too small for her to fit into. So she drinks a drink that says "drink me" and then she becomes small but then she sees some food that says "eat me" so she eats it and becomes very very large so she can no longer fit into the door so she sits down and waves her fan in panic and that then makes her small once again. So she goes through the door and appears in a garden where she now spots a dog and tries to play with it. but she became large once again and got stuck in a house so she waves her fan in panic and the becomes small again she then enters the dutchess house where she leaves with a baby that becomes a dog then she meets the chesire cat. she then walked over to the mad hatters place where she has a tea party. then she leaves while the mad hatter is trying to fit a mouse into a glass. then she walks over to a castle where she sees a parade of card soldiers but then she accedentaly insults the queen and the queen gets so mad that she calls for her to be executed but the executioner was weak so she just pushed him away then all of the card soldier ran away and alice wakes up.
### words i don't know
- croquet =  kroket
- dutchess = a female member of the royal family